Nihal hello namaste
Salaam walekum SATRA god welcome back to
another session with your worship at
Vericom today we are going to make
another favorite dish for many Indians
that is kung pao chicken combo got its
name from a gentleman his name is ding
ball he was from the stitch 1 province
he was a head of particular region in
honor of him they made this dish which
is called Kung Pao you can make comp our
vegetable cream puffs of chicken or
shrimp or any other dish you like and
whenever you heat the dish called Kung
Pao
you always find penis in it so today we
are going to make chicken Kung Pao
first let's make a concoction that we
are going to make the sauce with so for
this use around all 1 cup of chicken
stock and add soya sauce to it it's very
easy till you get a nice brown color to
your liquid add little bit of pepper
add around 2 tbsp of rice vinegar this
is an optional ingredient you can add
poison sauce just add 1 tablespoon of
hoisin sauce pinch of ajinomoto pinch of
sugar now this is an optional ingredient
if you want to add nicely slit red chili
you can add a little bit and if you want
really hot you can add little bit of
chili sauce too ok these things are
optional now this mixture is ready to
make our compasses after you mix all
these ingredients taste liberal this
will give you very good idea of how your
sauce is going to be if you want a
little bit heart make it a little bit
hard if you want to add him it's more of
soy sauce some hoisin sauce you can add
to this so we're going to keep this
aside okay now to the chicken add a
little bit of soy sauce just a peg
just to coat the chicken so that way
it's easy to fry and a pinch of salt and
mix all these ingredients add little bit
of cornflour
very little do not add too much little
bit of cornflour and just mix it up
so now that I've marinated this chicken
with little bit soy sauce egg and salt
and little confirm I mix all these
ingredients we can use this by two
methods one thing is you can add this
chicken directly after you fry the red
chillies ginger garlic to the mixture
and then cook it but that way a lot of
people do not know how to cook it
properly they can mess it up that's why
a lot of the times in the restaurant so
we use a fine method because it's easy
it's fast and you cannot go wrong with
this so today we're going to show you
how to use a frying method now thinking
of frying a couple of people have asked
me a couple of questions like when they
made nuggies Ecostar they come to us who
are getting stuck at the bottom and they
were tearing open one very easy trick to
fry anything very easily is use a
nonstick kind of fine pan that way your
meat will not get stuck at the bottom
you will get the five product really
good
we can very easily separate this chicken
by just taking two spoons just lifting
it and just breaking off any of the
pieces now remember do not fry it for
long just cook it 3/4 and the rest of
the puzzle we are going to cook in the
sauce now the chicken is 3/4 cut I am
going to remove this okay
okay now the chicken is ready okay now
if you have sesame seed oil you can use
sesame seed oil otherwise you can use a
regular corn oil for this cookin add red
chili cut them into small pieces
okay come pop you can add as much red
chili as you want and make sure you cook
til this red chili is dark brown that
way the oil gets all the flavor of the
shape see if you notice the color of the
oil is also slightly getting little
browner and that oil is extracting all
the flavors from this red chili into the
oil and that is passed on to your
pop and when you heat it then you will
get this real flavors actually getting
nicely browned now add the chopped
garlic and chopped ginger chop it really
fine and it gives really nice flavor to
your kabob
ah you know a lot of times when we go
and eat a Campari you know they add a
lot of vegetables that couple of
vegetables that enhances your convo for
example you know adding nicely cubes of
onion this is really good and do not
forget to add nicely slices of chestnut
just let these nice crunchy even after
cooking it is nicely crunchy and make
sure you add it but if you want to add
the mushrooms bell pepper baby corns and
this is a little bit of celery you can
add any vegetables you want carrots or
anything so I'm going to add these here
now bring in the sauce mixture that we
mix earlier and add to this
if you want your coupon to be dry add
this sauce little less if you want it
nice saucy with little bit of sauce that
you want to eat it with rice and more of
the sauce and you will get more gravy
with your kung pao chicken okay you do
not want to cook this sauce for a long
time because you want your vegetable
nice crunchy now you can add your
chicken just to cook it for like few
minutes and then add the main ingredient
that's what gives the name Khun pop that
is the peanuts here add the peanuts and
do not forget you add host trick penis
in this process if you are going to use
raw peanuts use it after you add red
chillies add the peanuts hiram otherwise
you will get raw flavor so make sure you
aren't ghost peanuts and then either
spring onions or the green onions
you may want to add a little bit salt
depending I may want to add a little bit
of salt if you're going to make it saucy
just add a little bit of cornflour
mixture okay that gives a nice
consistency your sauce safe in few
seconds your sauce is ready Wow look at
this very nice sauce and your
composition is ready
isn't it beautiful look at the color you
can the flavors ah my goodness
beautiful beautiful now think about it
dear friends can any Chinese restaurant
give you this delicious kung pao chicken
no way because when you cook at home you
know the taste buds of your family
members you're going to add your
seasoning to date taste and trust me
they will tell you this is the best
compulsion that they have ever eaten
dear friends cook it at home Indo
Chinese is very easy my whole purpose is
to inspire you to cook and eat different
variety of foods not just Indian the
Chinese we're going to make Thai pretty
soon and you will all love it and you
will see that you're going to eat the
best of the best fruits at your home
Wow
with every bite of this dish you will
understand the mighty cuisine of China
why they became the most popular cuisine
in the world and you will also learn to
say Neha
so dear friends I hope you have enjoyed
to learn to cook kung pao chicken with
your worship but remember whatever is
all about inspiring others to cook so do
your inspiration of letting other people
know about whatever calm so beat you and
we will learn not more stuff